HW 8 

Question 1:

Suppose the other teams really had been observing all the bytes going across the network.
Is your resulting network still secure? If so, explain why, and explain whether your answer
would change if (1) you assumed the other teams had also tapped your keyboards and had observed
all of your team's keystrokes, or (2) you are booting off USB and you assume the other teams
temporarily had physical control of the USB. If not, explain any weaknesses of your team's
setups, focusing on possible attacks by such outside observers.

Answer:

The network is still secure even if other teams had been observing all the bytes going across 
the network. Since the messages are encrypted with public key and can only be decrypted by the 
private keys on our team conputers, so it is safe. Therefore, other team won't able to tell 
the private key because they won't be able to compute the private keys. 

(1) If other teams recorded our keystrokes, it is still impossible to attain our private key 
because it is not related to our keystrokes. They can access our computer and files or even 
attack our system with our password. 

(2) If other teams had the physical control of the USB, they can easily access to the .ssh and 
thus get our private key. Then, they will be able to decrypt all of our messages with the 
private key while they observig the bytes going across the network.



Question 2:

Explain why the gpg2 --verify command in the following instructions doesn't really verify that 
you personally created the file in question. How would you go about fixing this problem?

Answer:

The gpg2 --verify command doesn't really verify that you personally created the file. Actually it 
will check that the matching between target file and detached signatures. The problems will occur 
when it is determinging the files come from different souces because people may attack the file 
with a different detached signature.

To fix this, we can find a trusted third party source or an organization to verify who created 
the files, so that they can track who actually posted the key. Thus, the verification will make 
sure that the owner or the receiver have the right key.


